state,county,city,zip
maryland,Baltimore city,baltimore,21201
massachusetts,Suffolk County,boston,02109
massachusetts,Berkshire County,lanesboro,01237
massachusetts,Berkshire County,lanesboro,01237
massachusetts,Berkshire County,lenox,01240
massachusetts,Berkshire County,lenox,01240
massachusetts,Berkshire County,lenox,01240
massachusetts,Berkshire County,lenox,01240
massachusetts,Berkshire County,lenox,01240
massachusetts,Berkshire County,lenox,01240
massachusetts,Berkshire County,lenox,01240
massachusetts,Berkshire County,lenox,01240
massachusetts,Berkshire County,sheffield,01257
massachusetts,Berkshire County,stockbridge,01262
massachusetts,Essex County,newbury,01951
massachusetts,Suffolk County,boston,02108
massachusetts,Suffolk County,boston,02110
massachusetts,Suffolk County,boston,02113
massachusetts,Suffolk County,boston,02114
massachusetts,Suffolk County,boston,02115
massachusetts,Suffolk County,boston,02118
massachusetts,Suffolk County,boston,02116
massachusetts,Suffolk County,boston,02111
massachusetts,Suffolk County,boston,02127
massachusetts,Suffolk County,boston,02128
massachusetts,Suffolk County,boston,02210
massachusetts,Suffolk County,boston,02215
massachusetts,Dukes County,vineyard-haven,02568
massachusetts,Barnstable County,eastham,02642
massachusetts,Barnstable County,harwich,02645
massachusetts,Barnstable County,marstons-mills,02648
massachusetts,Barnstable County,west-harwich,02671
rhode-island,Newport County,newport,02840
rhode-island,Newport County,newport,02840
connecticut,New London County,new-london,06320
connecticut,New London County,mystic,06355
connecticut,New London County,niantic,06357
connecticut,New London County,norwich,06360
connecticut,New London County,groton,06340
connecticut,New Haven County,guilford,06437
connecticut,Middlesex County,westbrook,06498
connecticut,New Haven County,new-haven,06511
new-jersey,Hudson County,jersey-city,07307
new-jersey,Hudson County,jersey-city,07310
new-jersey,Sussex County,vernon,07462
new-jersey,Monmouth County,spring-lake,07762
new-jersey,Ocean County,beach-haven,08008
new-jersey,Cape May County,avalon,08202
new-jersey,Cape May County,sea-isle-city,08243
new-jersey,Atlantic County,atlantic-city,08401
new-jersey,Ocean County,mantoloking,08738
delaware,Sussex County,bethany-beach,19930
delaware,Sussex County,fenwick-island,19944
delaware,Sussex County,lewes,19958
delaware,Sussex County,milton,19968
delaware,Sussex County,rehoboth-beach,19971
maryland,Baltimore city,baltimore,21230
maryland,Anne Arundel County,annapolis,21401
maryland,Talbot County,easton,21601
maryland,Dorchester County,cambridge,21613
maryland,Kent County,chestertown,21620
maryland,Talbot County,saint-michaels,21663
maryland,Queen Anne's County,stevensville,21666
maryland,Frederick County,frederick,21701
maryland,Worcester County,berlin,21811
maryland,Worcester County,ocean-city,21842
virginia,Louisa County,gordonsville,22942
virginia,Virginia Beach city,virginia-beach,23451
virginia,Virginia Beach city,virginia-beach,23455
virginia,Virginia Beach city,virginia-beach,23456
virginia,Virginia Beach city,virginia-beach,23464
virginia,Norfolk city,norfolk,23503
virginia,Lynchburg city,lynchburg,24504
virginia,Lynchburg city,lynchburg,24501
massachusetts,Barnstable County,provincetown,02657
new-jersey,Hudson County,jersey-city,07302
new-jersey,Cape May County,stone-harbor,08247
new-jersey,Ocean County,point-pleasant-beach,08742
delaware,Sussex County,milford,19963
delaware,Sussex County,milford,19963
virginia,Fauquier County,warrenton,
virginia,Arlington County,arlington,
virginia,,alexandria,
virginia,Warren County,front-royal,
virginia,Page County,rileyville,
virginia,Madison County,madison,
virginia,Harrisonburg city,harrisonburg,
virginia,Shenandoah County,basye,
virginia,Page County,luray,
virginia,Rockingham County,mc-gaheysville,
virginia,Page County,shenandoah,
virginia,Page County,stanley,
virginia,Albemarle County,charlottesville,
virginia,Nelson County,afton,
virginia,Albemarle County,crozet,
virginia,Greene County,stanardsville,
virginia,Waynesboro city,waynesboro,
virginia,Louisa County,bumpass,
virginia,Gloucester County,gloucester,
virginia,Henrico County,henrico,
virginia,Louisa County,mineral,
virginia,James City County,williamsburg,
virginia,Richmond City,richmond,
virginia,Northampton County,cape-charles,
virginia,Accomack County,onancock,
virginia,Newport News City,newport-news,
virginia,Hampton City,hampton,
virginia,Portsmouth city,portsmouth,
virginia,Petersburg city,petersburg,
virginia,Roanoke City,roanoke,
virginia,Montgomery County,blacksburg,
virginia,Montgomery County,christiansburg,
virginia,Bedford County,huddleston,
virginia,Bedford County,moneta,
virginia,Washington County,damascus,
virginia,Staunton City,staunton,
virginia,Rockbridge County,lexington,
massachusetts,Hampshire County,florence,
massachusetts,Berkshire County,becket,
massachusetts,Berkshire County,great-barrington,
massachusetts,Suffolk County,dorchester,
massachusetts,Suffolk County,allston,
massachusetts,Middlesex County,cambridge,
massachusetts,Middlesex County,somerville,
massachusetts,Norfolk County,brookline,
massachusetts,Barnstable County,woods-hole,
massachusetts,Nantucket County,nantucket,
massachusetts,Barnstable County,pocasset,
massachusetts,Barnstable County,sagamore-beach,
massachusetts,Barnstable County,hyannis,
massachusetts,Barnstable County,brewster,
massachusetts,Barnstable County,centerville,
massachusetts,Barnstable County,chatham,
massachusetts,Barnstable County,east-dennis,
massachusetts,Barnstable County,harwich-port,
massachusetts,Barnstable County,north-chatham,
massachusetts,Barnstable County,north-truro,
massachusetts,Barnstable County,orleans,
massachusetts,Barnstable County,osterville,
massachusetts,Barnstable County,south-wellfleet,
massachusetts,Barnstable County,truro,
massachusetts,Barnstable County,wellfleet,
massachusetts,Barnstable County,west-chatham,
massachusetts,Barnstable County,west-dennis,
massachusetts,Bristol County,south-dartmouth,
massachusetts,Bristol County,westport,
rhode-island,Washington County,block-island,
rhode-island,Washington County,wakefield,
rhode-island,Providence County,providence,
new-jersey,Hudson County,weehawken,
new-jersey,Hudson County,union-city,
new-jersey,Hudson County,west-new-york,
new-jersey,Essex County,newark,
new-jersey,Union County,elizabeth,
new-jersey,Passaic County,paterson,
new-jersey,Monmouth County,ocean-grove,
new-jersey,Atlantic County,absecon,
new-jersey,Cape May County,cape-may,
new-jersey,Cape May County,cape-may-point,
new-jersey,Cape May County,ocean-city,
new-jersey,Cape May County,wildwood,
maryland,Prince George's County,oxon-hill,
